Add v3 upgrade guide (#85)
humanmade/altis-documentation: other-docs/guides/upgrading/README.md

	"name": "company-name/my-site",
	"require": {
		"altis/altis": "^2.0.0"
	},
	"require-dev": {
		"altis/local-chassis": "^2.0.0",
		"altis/local-server": "^2.0.0"
	}
}
```

Next run `rm -rf vendor` on MacOS or Linux, or on Windows `rmdir vendor`.

> *Note:* this is due to an issue in how Composer handles installation of `composer-plugin` type packages, and ensures the latest version of the package is used during the upgrade process.

Reviewer: Maybe note we are trying to resolve that long-term?

> *Note:* this is due to an issue in how Composer handles installation of `composer-plugin` type packages, and ensures the latest version of the package is used during the upgrade process. We are wokring to improve this process in future to make upgrades simple to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* this is due to an issue in how Composer handles installation of `composer-plugin` type packages, and ensures the latest version of the package is used during the upgrade process. We are working to improve this process in future releases.
```
